Itachi's Story - Light and Darkness: Partner
Over there?
Yeah.
The "Akatsuki"?
Don't know and don't care.
Now get lost! You're keeping me from my "art appreciation" time.
And I have to take this brat on as my partner?
Sure, he's full of energy,
but he seems like the type to die young.
It's our leader's orders…
His talent will be very useful.
How do you know about my talent?
Just who the hell are you anyway?
We know you're aiding anti-government factions
of neighboring nations with bombings…
You're a Rogue Ninja, but what is your purpose?
Purpose? I don't need a purpose!
I take commissions to cause explosions…using my art.
He's annoying…
Is he done?
Who knows…?
It doesn't matter.
I'll do it.
Let me make it clear, I won't stop in my pursuit of art!
Do as you please.
But now that you're a part of the Akatsuki,
I expect you to fulfill your missions.
BLUE All right, all right, I got it.
But…
you over there!
I'll never get caught up in your genjutsu again, hmm!
Now that you're one of us,
I doubt that I'll have to use my genjutsu on you.
I don't mind giving you a taste of my art.
Leave it at that.
Sasori!
Partner with Deidara and go kill Orochimaru.
About time.
Who is this Orochimaru?
I'll tell you on the way.
Orochimaru has escaped into the Land of Wind.
Beyond that, I don't know.
That's all I need to know.
Let's go.
You Akatsuki sure like to order guys around…
Hey, hurry up.
I know!
Itachi and Kisame, go to the Hidden Grass Village.
What about my partner?
Wait just a while longer.
I've ordered Kabuto to keep me updated through several ways.
If they're headed to the Land of Wind, this is the spot…
The Great Sand Dune of the East… I see…
That's one place the guys from the Village won't go near.
Is that where you're from, my man?
I don't want to talk about it.
Anyway, that location works out perfectly.
That's his hideout.
I'll blow the whole thing up with my art, hmm!
We don't even know if he's there or not.
Sand Snakes!
It's useless…
They know we're here.
Are you serious?
Let's go.
I was expecting Itachi to be the one who'd come…
So you're the ones the Akatsuki sent?
We're going to kill you without hesitation, you traitor.
Oh, do you really think you can?
You're the boy from the Hidden Stone…
You used to be in the Demolitions Unit, right?
Don't treat me like a kid!
Keep watch from above and make sure he doesn't get away.
What gives, my man?
Are you saying that you want to capture him yourself?
Yeah, since you have no grudges against him, right?
If you want back-up, just call on me at any time, hmm!
THREE I have the geographical advantage here.
So that's your work, my man?
You're aware of the Third Kazekage's power, aren't you?
Yes…
My hobby is to collect things that I find interesting,
so I took a little bit.
THREE
What the hell?
Huh?
What's that over there?
Is that you, Sasori…?
You bastard, how dare you do this to me!
What's that, you damn snake?
It‘s the Third Kazekage that you killed.
I used a Forbidden Jutsu to resurrect him.
Things won't go the way they did last time…
Enough of your resentful complaints…
Now then…
With your Human Puppet… and my Forbidden Jutsu.
Let's see which is superior!
Damn you…
Iron Sand: Scattered Showers!
Unlike the real thing,
the puppet stops working when Iron Sand gets into it, right?
Don't lecture me about puppets!
Unlike the real thing,
I've built in lots of hidden tricks into the puppet.
It's your turn…
Not yet.
What?!
This is one form of immortality…
It doesn't die, even though it's already dead.
There's no way it can't die!
Heargh!
Well?! How do you like my art?!
Why doesn't it die?
After you two die, I'll resurrect you both in the same way.
Although, what I really wanted…
was Itachi's body.
My man!
Does that guy have a weakness?!
Resurrection isn't one of the Third's abilities…
You are both going to become my pawns forever.
Stop kidding around…
I…am the Third Kazekage…
I am not...
your pawn!
Oh my… I wonder if my jutsu wasn't complete?
Take this!
Is he dead?!
Don't run away!
Heargh!
Art is…!
…an explosion!
Hey, c'mon now…
We thoroughly searched the mountain of rubble,
but we didn't find his corpse.
So we can't say for sure that we killed him.
If he's alive, I swear I'll kill him myself.
Besides, what was with that ridiculous jutsu?!
Do you know anything about it?
It's probably the Second Hokage's Reanimation Jutsu.
You bring the dead back to life, and control them like a puppet.
You can't kill it even if you tried.
So you must use a Sealing Jutsu
or suppress their movement forcefully.
We just have to kill Orochimaru, right?
Even that won't stop a reanimated being…
What's the supposed to mean?
Be wary of Orochimaru from now on.
If he's alive, he's bound to make another move.
Ordinarily, no one could survive that explosion, hmm.
No one who joins us is ordinary.
Another immortal has appeared out of the woodwork.
We have a request from the Land of Steam.
A homicidal maniac has appeared
and they want us to eliminate him.
Don't they have their own Hidden Steam shinobi?
Apparently, they can't kill it.
So this homicidal maniac is immortal too?
Was he "reani-whatevered" by Orochimaru too?
I'm dispatching a different team this time.
You there…
Would you like to join the Way of Jashin?
This wasn't for money or revenge.
This was out of a deep desire to kill.
There are other ways to quench blood thirst…
He had some other purpose.
You really have a way of irritating me.
And you… Did you come to make sure I don't kill Itachi?
There are no other Sensory types besides me.
And… The others certainly aren't cut out to be decoys.
Decoys?
All right then…
Hey, you over there.
Do you want to join the Way of Jashin?
Way of Jashin?
Yeah, the Way of Jashin…
What is that?
You can kill people and you won't be punished.
In fact, it just pleases Lord Jashin even more.
I see…
What do you say? Isn't that a wonderful teaching?
Are you interested in joining?
So you're the homicidal maniac…
Homicidal maniac? That's not it at all.
I'm just offering up prayers to Lord Jashin.
Looks like I'll just have to offer you up to Lord Jashin.
Well?
He doesn't seem to be a Reanimation.
Fine. I'll test him to see how immortal he is.
Who are you guys, dressed up all the same?
You in an orchestra or band or something?
Let's see… The gloomy one over there plays bass…
The girl does vocals and keyboards…
No, maybe that guy there does vocals?
We're nothing like that.
I think Lord Jashin would like you guys as an offering.
What's wrong? Is running around all you can do?!
Well, I won't let you get away!
What? Done so soon?
Ouch…
That hurt!
Oh…
I'll punish you in the name of god!
That's not gonna help you!
Looks like the rumors about your immortality are true.
Okay, let's start the ritual.
Everything is ready!
Die…!
One stab into the heart…
Damn you!
It feels so good…
Glory be to Lord Jashin!
You bastard…You got some nerve…
Hey, hey… Why didn't you die?
I'll beat you to death!
No, you can't!
Did you notice anything?
He licked Kakuzu's blood
and then mentioned something about a ritual.
That's probably some jutsu too.
He passes on any damage he sustains to the one whose blood he licks.
However, that doesn't explain his immortality.
Can you separate them?
Weren't you going to eliminate him?
Yeah.
W-What?!
What's the big idea, Itachi?!
Seems they're recruiting him.
A guy like him?
Are you kidding me? I refuse!
Whatever the Akatsuki is…
I have a mission to spread the Way of Jashin.
Then you should join the Akatsuki for the sake of your mission too.
What?
Assassinations, war, you name it,
the Akatsuki will do anything… since we're a band of killers.
I plan to continue propagating the Way of Jashin.
Do as you please.
THREE Our two-man teams are in place.
Go and execute your missions.
I didn't expect to be partnered with you.
You took the words out of my mouth.
Don't irritate me, or I'll kill you.
Like I said. Just try it!
I don't want your heart.
Art…
…is an explosion!
It's art!
I still don't get what your art is about.
Soon, you'll understand the aesthetics of something that's fleeting, hmm.
Hm? It's the leader.
A shinobi village named the Hidden Sound
recently came into existence.
It's possible that Orochimaru is involved.
That guy!
I want you two to covertly check them out.
Since you guys specialize in sneaking around behind the scenes.
I'll find him!
And make him go boom!
The orders were to do it covertly.
There's been an incident at the Hidden Leaf Village.
Orochimaru's behind it.
Orochimaru used shinobi from the Hidden Sound and Hidden Sand
to wage war against the Leaf…
But he failed to completely destroy the Leaf.
Serves him right!
The Third Hokage was killed in battle.
Orochimaru withdrew, but his whereabouts are unknown.
I'll send someone out to investigate, but… I'll go.
Then I'll leave this to you,
as well as the status of the Leaf's Jinchuriki.
It seems they averted total destruction,
but they've sustained massive damage.
That Village was at the height of prosperity…
How tragic.
That was out of character.
So even you have feelings for your birthplace, after all?
No…
Not at all.
Sasuke… Are you safe?
It's been a while Sasuke.
Itachi Uchiha…I'm going to kill you!
Ah, the Sharingan.
Nevertheless, he's a lot like you. Who is he?
He's my younger brother.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Truth"
Has your Sharingan awakened?
ITACHI'S STORY – LIGHT AND DARKNESS: TRUTH
Tune in again!